[Docs] Remove examples section and point through to gallery (#814)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/explanation/your-examples.md

    * [Build Python Data Apps with Vizro Dash](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmQ6_GZ0zSk).
    * [Introduction to Vizro Actions - Plotly Dash](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bom-9275Cic&t=8s).
    * [Use Dash AG Grid within a Vizro app](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvtVcXwQw0E).

>     * [Visual Vocabulary Dashboard with Vizro Plotly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZNAokBKT-M).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Visual Vocabulary Dashboard showcasing charting options in Vizro and Plotly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZNAokBKT-M).
```
